org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_std__vectorT_pj__MediaFormat_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_std__vectorT_pj__MediaFormat_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoPreviewOpParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoPreviewOpParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallRxReinviteParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallRxReinviteParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Call.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Call
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMedia.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMedia
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_file_writer_option.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_file_writer_option
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioDevInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioDevInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipEvent
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipPreviewVideoViewManager.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipPreviewVideoViewManager
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipAccount.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipAccount
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecParamSetting.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecParamSetting
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDigit.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDigit
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_ssl_method.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_ssl_method
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoWindowInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoWindowInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallTxOfferParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallTxOfferParam
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipBroadcastEmiter.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipBroadcastEmiter
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipLogWriter.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipLogWriter
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_nat64_opt.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_nat64_opt
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallReplacedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallReplacedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_vectorT_pj__SrtpCrypto_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_vectorT_pj__SrtpCrypto_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_stun_nat_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_stun_nat_type
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/dto/CallSettingsDTO.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.dto.CallSettingsDTO
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallSendDtmfParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallSendDtmfParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_tone_digit.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_tone_digit
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_void.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_void
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_qos_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_qos_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/FindBuddyMatch.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.FindBuddyMatch
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallReplaceRequestParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallReplaceRequestParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipMultipartPart.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipMultipartPart
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipModulePackage.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipModulePackage
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SrtpCrypto.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SrtpCrypto
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipRemoteVideo.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipRemoteVideo
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipRemoteVideo$1
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipRemoteVideo$2
org/pjsip/pjsua2/BuddyConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.BuddyConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RxMsgEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RxMsgEvent
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipService.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$1
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$2
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$3
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$4
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$5
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$6
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$7
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$PhoneStateChangedReceiver
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipService$PhoneStateChangedReceiver$1
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallStateParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecInfoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecInfoVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjrpid_activity.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjrpid_activity
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SrtpOpt.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SrtpOpt
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TransportConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TransportConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/StreamInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.StreamInfo
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipUtils.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipUtils
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_100rel_use.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_100rel_use
org/pjsip/pjsua2/BuddyInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.BuddyInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDigitMapDigit.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDigitMapDigit
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_orient.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_orient
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SslCertInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SslCertInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnTimerParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnTimerParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallTransferStatusParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallTransferStatusParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TlsConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TlsConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Account.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Account
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnIncomingSubscribeParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnIncomingSubscribeParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MathStat.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MathStat
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_vid_req_keyframe_method.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_vid_req_keyframe_method
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipMessage.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipMessage
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_stun_use.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_stun_use
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnRegStartedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnRegStartedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallInfo
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/dto/AccountConfigurationDTO.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.dto.AccountConfigurationDTO
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipMultipartPartVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipMultipartPartVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_snd_dev_mode.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_snd_dev_mode
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TsxStateEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TsxStateEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_vectorT_pj__SslCertName_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_vectorT_pj__SslCertName_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_constants_.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_constants_
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TransportInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TransportInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_call_media_status.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_call_media_status
org/pjsip/pjsua2/LossType.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.LossType
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_ssl_cert_verify_flag_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_ssl_cert_verify_flag_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Buddy.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Buddy
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCreateMediaTransportParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCreateMediaTransportParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/PendingJob.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.PendingJob
org/pjsip/pjsua2/JsonDocument.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.JsonDocument
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SendTypingIndicationParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SendTypingIndicationParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_tone_digit_map.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_tone_digit_map
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnInstantMessageParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnInstantMessageParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_unsigned_char.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_unsigned_char
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountSipConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountSipConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SendInstantMessageParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SendInstantMessageParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_snd_dev_id.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_snd_dev_id
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_evsub_state.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_evsub_state
org/pjsip/pjsua2/WindowHandle.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.WindowHandle
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallTransferRequestParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallTransferRequestParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/EpConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.EpConfig
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipVideo.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipVideo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCreateMediaTransportSrtpParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCreateMediaTransportSrtpParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_ssl_cert_name_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_ssl_cert_name_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_format_id.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_format_id
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/dto/ServiceConfigurationDTO.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.dto.ServiceConfigurationDTO
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDescVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDescVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallSetting.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallSetting
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallSendRequestParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallSendRequestParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMediaPlayerInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMediaPlayerInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallMediaStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallMediaStateParam
org/pjsip/PjCameraInfo.java
 org.pjsip.PjCameraInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Error.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Error
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecParamInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecParamInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_tone_desc.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_tone_desc
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaTransportInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaTransportInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountPresConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountPresConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/LogConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.LogConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_redirect_op.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_redirect_op
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoDevInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoDevInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_vid_packing.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_vid_packing
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnNatDetectionCompleteParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnNatDetectionCompleteParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_destroy_flag.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_destroy_flag
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_qos_wmm_prio.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_qos_wmm_prio
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_event_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_event_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoPreview.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoPreview
org/pjsip/pjsua2/LogWriter.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.LogWriter
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMediaVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMediaVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_transport_state.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_transport_state
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RtcpFbCap.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RtcpFbCap
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallRxOfferParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallRxOfferParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/LogEntry.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.LogEntry
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TsxStateEventSrc.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TsxStateEventSrc
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnIpChangeProgressParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnIpChangeProgressParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_call_flag.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_call_flag
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecParam
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipModule.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipModule
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnMwiInfoParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnMwiInfoParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_aud_dev_route.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_aud_dev_route
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountMwiConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountMwiConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_ip_change_op.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_ip_change_op
org/pjsip/pjsua2/PersistentObject.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.PersistentObject
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_vid_dev_std_index.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_vid_dev_std_index
org/pjsip/pjsua2/BuddyVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.BuddyVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RegProgressParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RegProgressParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_ssl_sock_proto.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_ssl_sock_proto
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallMediaInfoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallMediaInfoVector
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipVideoMediaChange.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipVideoMediaChange
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_call_hold_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_call_hold_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_p_void.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_p_void
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipVideoWindowHandler.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipVideoWindowHandler
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_vid_dev_cap.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_vid_dev_cap
org/pjsip/PjCamera.java
 org.pjsip.PjCamera
 org.pjsip.PjCamera$Param
org/pjsip/pjsua2/PresenceStatus.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.PresenceStatus
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountVideoConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountVideoConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipRxData.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipRxData
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoDevInfoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoDevInfoVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_vid_stream_rc_method.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_vid_stream_rc_method
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallOpParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallOpParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/JbufState.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.JbufState
org/pjsip/pjsua2/StringVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.StringVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnSelectAccountParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnSelectAccountParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_file_access.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_file_access
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallMediaEventParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallMediaEventParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_dialog_cap_status.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_dialog_cap_status
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_med_tp_st.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_med_tp_st
org/pjsip/pjsua2/PresNotifyParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.PresNotifyParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_qos_params.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_qos_params
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipTxOption.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipTxOption
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VidCodecParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VidCodecParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_sip_timer_use.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_sip_timer_use
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Endpoint.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Endpoint
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_tsx_state_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_tsx_state_e
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnStreamDestroyedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnStreamDestroyedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_ssl_cipher.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_ssl_cipher
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallTsxStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallTsxStateParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_tp_proto.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_tp_proto
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AuthCredInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AuthCredInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/UserEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.UserEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua2.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua2
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_cred_data_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_cred_data_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallSdpCreatedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallSdpCreatedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipHeader.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipHeader
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SrtpCryptoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SrtpCryptoVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TimerEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TimerEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/IpChangeParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.IpChangeParam
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/dto/SipMessageDTO.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.dto.SipMessageDTO
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudDevManager.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudDevManager
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AuthCredInfoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AuthCredInfoVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipEventBody.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipEventBody
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaFormatAudio.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaFormatAudio
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ContainerNode.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ContainerNode
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnTransportStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnTransportStateParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecFmtpVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecFmtpVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/IntVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.IntVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_srtp_keying_method.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_srtp_keying_method
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaFmtChangedEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaFmtChangedEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/UaConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.UaConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_file_player_option.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_file_player_option
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipBroadcastReceiver
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnIncomingCallParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnIncomingCallParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneGenerator.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneGenerator
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaSize.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaSize
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua2JNI.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua2JNI
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallMediaTransportStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallMediaTransportStateParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaFormat.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaFormat
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Media.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Media
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountIpChangeConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountIpChangeConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_create_media_transport_flag.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_create_media_transport_flag
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RtcpStreamStat.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RtcpStreamStat
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnBuddyEvSubStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnBuddyEvSubStateParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioDevInfoVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioDevInfoVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_pjmedia_vid_dev_hwnd_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_pjmedia_vid_dev_hwnd_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnDtmfDigitParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnDtmfDigitParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_call_vid_strm_op.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_call_vid_strm_op
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountMediaConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountMediaConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/Version.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.Version
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaFormatVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaFormatVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_state.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_state
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SdpSession.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SdpSession
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TlsInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TlsInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipHeaderVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipHeaderVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_qos_flag.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_qos_flag
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMediaPlayer.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMediaPlayer
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RtcpFbConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RtcpFbConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TxErrorEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TxErrorEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_transport_flags_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_transport_flags_e
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnTypingIndicationParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnTypingIndicationParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua2Constants.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua2Constants
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ExtraAudioDevice.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ExtraAudioDevice
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnStreamCreatedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnStreamCreatedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaEventData.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaEventData
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDesc.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDesc
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountNatConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountNatConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipTransaction.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipTransaction
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_transport_type_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_transport_type_e
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_role_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_role_e
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipPreviewVideo.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipPreviewVideo
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipPreviewVideo$1
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_ipv6_use.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_ipv6_use
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_dtmf_method.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_dtmf_method
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoWindow.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoWindow
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_srtp_crypto_option.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_srtp_crypto_option
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountCallConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountCallConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/StreamStat.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.StreamStat
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_status_code.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_status_code
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_log_decoration.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_log_decoration
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CodecFmtp.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CodecFmtp
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ConfPortInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ConfPortInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_dir.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_dir
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnCallRedirectedParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnCallRedirectedParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/PersistentDocument.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.PersistentDocument
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnRegStateParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnRegStateParam
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipRemoteVideoViewManager.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipRemoteVideoViewManager
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_aud_dev_id.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_aud_dev_id
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipTxData.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipTxData
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoSwitchParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoSwitchParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RtcpSdes.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RtcpSdes
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/utils/ArgumentUtils.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.utils.ArgumentUtils
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_rtcp_fb_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_rtcp_fb_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SipMediaType.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SipMediaType
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pj_turn_tp_type.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pj_turn_tp_type
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_srtp_use.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_srtp_use
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaCoordinate.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaCoordinate
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallVidSetStreamParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallVidSetStreamParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_hdr_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_hdr_e
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_pj_bool_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_pj_bool_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VideoWindowHandle.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VideoWindowHandle
org/pjsip/pjsua2/VidDevManager.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.VidDevManager
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MyBuddy.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MyBuddy
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_buddy_status.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_buddy_status
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsua_invalid_id_const_.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsua_invalid_id_const_
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_inv_state.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_inv_state
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMediaRecorder.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMediaRecorder
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/BuildConfig.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.BuildConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjsip_event_id_e.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjsip_event_id_e
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_std__vectorT_pj__RtcpFbCap_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_std__vectorT_pj__RtcpFbCap_t
org/pjsip/pjsua2/pjmedia_aud_dev_cap.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.pjmedia_aud_dev_cap
org/pjsip/pjsua2/RtcpStat.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.RtcpStat
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjSipCall.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjSipCall
org/pjsip/pjsua2/MediaFormatVideo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.MediaFormatVideo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SslCertName.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SslCertName
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnNatCheckStunServersCompleteParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnNatCheckStunServersCompleteParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDigitMapVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDigitMapVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/ToneDigitVector.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.ToneDigitVector
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AccountRegConfig.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AccountRegConfig
org/pjsip/pjsua2/SWIGTYPE_p_pj_ssize_t.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.SWIGTYPE_p_pj_ssize_t
com/carusto/ReactNativePjSip/PjActions.java
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjActions
 com.carusto.ReactNativePjSip.PjActions$1
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TxMsgEvent.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TxMsgEvent
org/pjsip/pjsua2/CallMediaInfo.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.CallMediaInfo
org/pjsip/pjsua2/AudioMediaTransmitParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.AudioMediaTransmitParam
org/pjsip/pjsua2/TimeVal.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.TimeVal
org/pjsip/pjsua2/OnInstantMessageStatusParam.java
 org.pjsip.pjsua2.OnInstantMessageStatusParam
